>> Steve Kinney: So,
now we've got a user interface, but,
here's the thing,
it doesn't do anything just yet.
If you look at the HTML file,
we can see that it's a markup and
there is no JavaScript happening.
I have a renderer.js, and
it actually has some code in it.
And let's actually take a tour of that
code first and then we'll go ahead and
wire it up.
So not a lot exciting happening,
the most exciting is line one, but
I'm going to skip that for a second.
And we'll just talk about the other parts,
which I have gone through
the tedious labor of getting
you a bunch of query selectors.
So, these are effectively all of the
different DOM elements that you will need
to work with as we build
this application together.
You can thank me later.
>> Steve Kinney: We have this
function called renderMarkdownToHtml,
which basically takes the HTML view,
that's that right side.
And it takes the markdown content
that we pass in and it sets the,
basically marked as a library
that converts markdown to HTML.
We go ahead and we just assign it with
innerHTML in there, and we sanitize it.
This is a desktop application,
if they want to go ahead and
script inject themselves, fine.
But we're being polite and
we're sanitizing the markup first, so
that it doesn't actually do
anything along those lines.
And then we have an event listener,
which is, every time that user
lifts their finger off a key.
We are going to get the value of
the text area that is the markdown,
we will go ahead and
render it into the HTML view, right?
So that's our entire application, right?
Other than line 1, this application
would work in the browser, right?
Like, hey, put some event listeners,
do some stuff,
line 1 is where things become problematic.
Which is,
we are pulling in this library for
rendering markdown using require,
which doesn't exist in the browser.
If you don't believe me, open up Chrome,
open up the dev tools, type require and
see what happens to you.
All right, so if we pasted this code,
it wouldn't work, right?
We'd have to use something like Browserify
to go ahead and bundle our code for us, so
on and so forth.
And then it would work, but
this will actually blow up.
But in Electron, we have access to all of
the browser APIs and all of the Node APIs.
Together, it's not like, I write some
Node code and some browser code,
they are legitimately together,
you have access to both.
So I could theoretically use
require in here, at the same time,
I could throw an alert,
which does not exist in Node, right?
Or a document.eventlistener or
anything along those lines,
all the stuff in Chrome is fair game,
all the stuff in Node is fair game, right?
And so that takes a little bit of time
to wrap your head around, but it's okay.
So we never called this file, and so
let's go ahead and let's fix that, cool.
So let's go into index.html, and
all we're going to do is we're
going to add a script tag.
And you're like,
I know how to add a script tag,
I'll just do a script source render.js.
Turns out we don't even need to do that,
we can just make a script tag,
and we say require./ renderer, right?
Because again, all of Node works
just fine, I can go ahead and
I can read and
write to the Filesystem in my HTML file.
If that strikes you as a good idea,
you're welcome to do it, but
you can pull in anything you want.
Even from your HTML file,
it's all fair game, it all works.
>> Steve Kinney: So if we go ahead now,
we will do an npm start.
>> Steve Kinney: You see that our
application effectively works,
we can type some markdown,
everything's cool.